---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_add_users_to_user_group_v1_input Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AddUsersToUserGroupV1Input Resource
---

# segment_add_users_to_user_group_v1_input (Resource)

AddUsersToUserGroupV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_add_users_to_user_group_v1_input" "my_adduserstousergroupv1input" {
  emails = [
    "...",
  ]
  user_group_id = "...my_user_group_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `emails` (List of String) The email addresses of the users and invites to add. Requires replacement if changed.
- `user_group_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Returns the updated user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `user_group` (Attributes) The updated the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_group))

<a id="nestedatt--data--user_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the user group.
- `member_count` (Number) The number of members in the user group.
- `name` (String) The name of the user group.
- `permissions` (Attributes List) The permissions associated with the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_group.permissions`

Read-Only:

- `labels` (Attributes List) The labels to attach to this permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--labels))
- `resources` (Attributes List) The resources associated with this permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--resources))
- `role_id` (String) The id of the role associated with this permission.
- `role_name` (String) The name of the role associated with this permission.

<a id="nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_group.permissions.role_name`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of what this label represents.
- `key` (String) The key identifier for this label.
- `value` (String) The value of this label.


<a id="nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_group.permissions.role_name`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of this resource.
- `labels` (Attributes List) The labels that further refine access to this resource. Labels are exclusive to Workspace-level permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--role_name--labels))
- `type` (String) The type for this resource. must be one of ["FUNCTION", "SOURCE", "SPACE", "WAREHOUSE", "WORKSPACE"]

<a id="nestedatt--data--user_group--permissions--role_name--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_group.permissions.role_name.labels`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of what this label represents.
- `key` (String) The key identifier for this label.
- `value` (String) The value of this label.


