---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_add_permissions_to_user_v1_input Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AddPermissionsToUserV1Input Resource
---

# segment_add_permissions_to_user_v1_input (Resource)

AddPermissionsToUserV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_add_permissions_to_user_v1_input" "my_addpermissionstouserv1input" {
  permissions = [
    {
      resources = [
        {
          id = "cd6da11d-c06a-4bf6-8342-52089d9c8a56"
          labels = [
            {
              description = "...my_description..."
              key         = "...my_key..."
              value       = "...my_value..."
            },
          ]
          type = "WAREHOUSE"
        },
      ]
      role_id = "...my_role_id..."
    },
  ]
  user_id = "...my_user_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permissions` (Attributes List) The permissions to add. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `user_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Returns the user's permissions, including the added permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes List) The resources to link the selected role to. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions--resources))
- `role_id` (String) The role id of this permission. Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resources`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id of this resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `type` (String) The type for this resource. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["FUNCTION", "SOURCE", "SPACE", "WAREHOUSE", "WORKSPACE"]

Optional:

- `labels` (Attributes List) The labels that further refine access to this resource. Labels are exclusive to Workspace-level permissions. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions--resources--labels))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions--resources--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.resources.labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key identifier for this label. Requires replacement if changed.
- `value` (String) The value of this label. Requires replacement if changed.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what this label represents. Requires replacement if changed.




<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `permissions` (Attributes List) The new permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--data--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.permissions`

Read-Only:

- `resources` (Attributes List) The resources included with this permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--permissions--resources))
- `role_id` (String) The id of the role that applies to this permission.
- `role_name` (String) The name of the role that applies to this permission.

<a id="nestedatt--data--permissions--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.permissions.resources`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of this resource.
- `labels` (Attributes List) The labels that further refine access to this resource. Labels are exclusive to Workspace-level permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--permissions--resources--labels))
- `type` (String) The type for this resource. must be one of ["FUNCTION", "SOURCE", "SPACE", "WAREHOUSE", "WORKSPACE"]

<a id="nestedatt--data--permissions--resources--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.permissions.resources.type`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of what this label represents.
- `key` (String) The key identifier for this label.
- `value` (String) The value of this label.


