---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_source_v1_input Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateSourceV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_source_v1_input (Resource)

CreateSourceV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_source_v1_input" "my_createsourcev1input" {
  enabled     = true
  metadata_id = "...my_metadata_id..."
  settings = {
    "North"  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    "barren" = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  }
  slug = "...my_slug..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable to allow this Source to send data. Defaults to true. Requires replacement if changed.
- `metadata_id` (String) The id of the Source metadata from which this instance of the Source derives.

All Source metadata is available under `/catalog/sources`.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `slug` (String) The slug by which to identify the Source in the Segment app. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `settings` (Map of String) A key-value object that contains instance-specific settings for the Source. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Returns a newly created Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `source` (Attributes) The newly created Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source))

<a id="nestedatt--data--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable to receive data from the Source.
- `id` (String) The id of the Source.

Config API note: analogous to `name`.
- `labels` (Attributes List) A list of labels applied to the Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source--labels))
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the Source.

Config API note: includes `catalogName` and `catalogId`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source--metadata))
- `name` (String) The name of the Source.

Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `settings` (Map of String) The settings associated with the Source.
- `slug` (String) The slug used to identify the Source in the Segment app.

Config API note: equal to `name`.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the Workspace that owns the Source.

Config API note: equal to `parent`.
- `write_keys` (List of String) The write keys used to send data from the Source. This field is left empty when the current token does not have the
'source admin' permission.

<a id="nestedatt--data--source--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source.labels`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) An optional description of the purpose of this label.
- `key` (String) The key that represents the name of this label.
- `value` (String) The value associated with the key of this label.


<a id="nestedatt--data--source--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (List of String) A list of categories this Source belongs to.
- `description` (String) The description of this Source.
- `id` (String) The id for this Source metadata in the Segment catalog.

Config API note: analogous to `name`.
- `is_cloud_event_source` (Boolean) True if this is a Cloud Event Source.
- `logos` (Attributes) The logos for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source--metadata--logos))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of this Source.

Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `options` (Attributes List) Options for this Source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source--metadata--options))
- `slug` (String) The slug that identifies this Source in the Segment app.

Config API note: equal to `name`.

<a id="nestedatt--data--source--metadata--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source.metadata.slug`

Read-Only:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `default` (String) The default URL for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.


<a id="nestedatt--data--source--metadata--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source.metadata.slug`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) An optional default value for the field. Parsed as JSON.
- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.
- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema. Types are most commonly strings, but may also represent other
primitive types, such as booleans, and numbers, as well as complex types, such as objects and arrays.


