---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_tracking_plan_v1_input Resource - terraform-provider-segment"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateTrackingPlanV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_tracking_plan_v1_input (Resource)

CreateTrackingPlanV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_tracking_plan_v1_input" "my_createtrackingplanv1input" {
  description = "...my_description..."
  name        = "Jennie Johnson"
  type        = "ENGAGE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The Tracking Plan's name.

Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `type` (String) The Tracking Plan's type. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["ENGAGE", "LIVE", "PROPERTY_LIBRARY", "RULE_LIBRARY", "TEMPLATE"]

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Tracking Plan's description. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Result of a CreateTrackingPlan call. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `tracking_plan` (Attributes) The created Tracking Plan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tracking_plan))

<a id="nestedatt--data--tracking_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tracking_plan`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of this Tracking Plan's creation.

Config API note: equal to `createTime`.
- `description` (String) The Tracking Plan's description.
- `id` (String) The Tracking Plan's identifier.

Config API note: analogous to `name`.
- `name` (String) The Tracking Plan's name.

Config API note: equal to `displayName`.
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly slug of this Tracking Plan.

Config API note: equal to `name`.
- `type` (String) The Tracking Plan's type. must be one of ["ENGAGE", "LIVE", "PROPERTY_LIBRARY", "RULE_LIBRARY", "TEMPLATE"]
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of the last change to the Tracking Plan.

Config API note: equal to `updateTime`.


