---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_preview_destination_filter_v1_input Resource - repo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PreviewDestinationFilterV1Input Resource
---

# segment_preview_destination_filter_v1_input (Resource)

PreviewDestinationFilterV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_preview_destination_filter_v1_input" "my_previewdestinationfilterv1input" {
  filter = {
    actions = [
      {
        fields = {
          "CSS"   = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
          "North" = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        }
        path    = "...my_path..."
        percent = 38.09
        type    = "ALLOW_PROPERTIES"
      },
    ]
    if = "...my_if..."
  }
  payload = {
    "Supervisor" = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    "Northwest"  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filter` (Attributes) The filter to preview. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `payload` (Map of String) The JSON payload to apply the filter to.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Preview output from applying the Destination filter.
Segment modifies or nullifies payloads depending on the provided filter actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `actions` (Attributes List) The filtering action to take on events that match the "if" statement.
Action types must be one of: "drop", "allow_properties", "drop_properties" or "sample". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--actions))
- `if` (String) A FQL statement which determines if the provided filter's actions will apply to the provided JSON payload.
The literal string "all" will result in this filter to all events.
For guidance on using FQL, see the Segment documentation site.

<a id="nestedatt--filter--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.actions`

Required:

- `type` (String) must be one of ["ALLOW_PROPERTIES", "DROP", "DROP_PROPERTIES", "SAMPLE"]
The kind of Transformation to apply to any matched properties.

Optional:

- `fields` (Map of String) A dictionary of paths to object keys that this filter applies to.
  The literal string '' represents the top level of the object.
- `path` (String) The JSON path to a property within a payload object from which Segment generates a deterministic
sampling rate.
- `percent` (Number) A decimal between 0 and 1 used for 'sample' type events and
influences the likelihood of sampling to occur.



<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `input_payload` (Map of String) The pre-filter JSON input.
- `result` (Attributes) The filtered JSON output. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--result))

<a id="nestedatt--data--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.result`


