---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_invites_v1_input Resource - repo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateInvitesV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_invites_v1_input (Resource)

CreateInvitesV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_invites_v1_input" "my_createinvitesv1input" {
  invites = [
    {
      email = "Diana.Watsica35@hotmail.com"
      permissions = [
        {
          labels = [
            {
              description = "...my_description..."
              key         = "...my_key..."
              value       = "...my_value..."
            },
          ]
          resources = [
            {
              id   = "ef356bd2-a2fc-4f13-8b49-24ed7423a910"
              type = "WORKSPACE"
            },
          ]
          role_id = "...my_role_id..."
        },
      ]
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `invites` (Attributes List) The list of invites. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invites))

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Returns the emails of the invited users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--invites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invites`

Required:

- `email` (String) The invited user's email to attach the permissions to. Requires replacement if changed.

Optional:

- `permissions` (Attributes List) The permissions to attach to the invited user. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invites--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--invites--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invites.permissions`

Required:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role. Requires replacement if changed.

Optional:

- `labels` (Attributes List) The labels that determine which resources to grant users access to. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invites--permissions--labels))
- `resources` (Attributes List) The resources to grant the invited users access to. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invites--permissions--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--invites--permissions--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invites.permissions.labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key identifier for this label. Requires replacement if changed.
- `value` (String) The value of this label. Requires replacement if changed.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what this label represents. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--invites--permissions--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invites.permissions.resources`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id of this resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `type` (String) The kind of resource this permission applies to. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["FUNCTION", "SOURCE", "SPACE", "WAREHOUSE", "WORKSPACE"]




<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `emails` (List of String) The list of emails invited to the Workspace.


