---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_transformation_v1_input Resource - repo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateTransformationV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_transformation_v1_input (Resource)

CreateTransformationV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_transformation_v1_input" "my_createtransformationv1input" {
  destination_metadata_id = "...my_destination_metadata_id..."
  enabled                 = false
  fql_defined_properties = [
    {
      fql           = "...my_fql..."
      property_name = "...my_property_name..."
    },
  ]
  if             = "...my_if..."
  name           = "Tony Dare"
  new_event_name = "...my_new_event_name..."
  property_renames = [
    {
      new_name = "...my_new_name..."
      old_name = "...my_old_name..."
    },
  ]
  property_value_transformations = [
    {
      property_paths = [
        "...",
      ]
      property_value = "...my_property_value..."
    },
  ]
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) If the Transformation should be enabled. Requires replacement if changed.
- `if` (String) If statement ([FQL](https://segment.com/docs/config-api/fql/)) to match events.

For standard event matchers, use the following:
  Track -\> "event='\<eventName\>'"
  Identify -\> "type='identify'"
  Group -\> "type='group'"
Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) The name of the Transformation. Requires replacement if changed.
- `source_id` (String) The Source to be associated with the Transformation. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `destination_metadata_id` (String) The optional Destination metadata id to be associated with the Transformation. Requires replacement if changed.
- `fql_defined_properties` (Attributes List) Optional array for defining new properties in [FQL](https://segment.com/docs/config-api/fql/). Currently limited to 1 property. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fql_defined_properties))
- `new_event_name` (String) Optional new event name for renaming events. Works only for 'track' event type. Requires replacement if changed.
- `property_renames` (Attributes List) Optional array for renaming properties collected by your events. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--property_renames))
- `property_value_transformations` (Attributes List) Optional array for transforming properties and values collected by your events. Limited to 10 properties. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--property_value_transformations))

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) The output of a created Transformation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--fql_defined_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fql_defined_properties`

Required:

- `fql` (String) The FQL expression used to compute the property. Requires replacement if changed.
- `property_name` (String) The new property name. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--property_renames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `property_renames`

Required:

- `new_name` (String) The new name to rename the property. Requires replacement if changed.
- `old_name` (String) The old name of the property. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--property_value_transformations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `property_value_transformations`

Required:

- `property_paths` (List of String) The property paths. The maximum number of paths is 10. Requires replacement if changed.
- `property_value` (String) The new value of the property paths. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `transformation` (Attributes) The created Transformation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--transformation))

<a id="nestedatt--data--transformation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.transformation`

Read-Only:

- `destination_metadata_id` (String) The optional Destination metadata associated with the Transformation.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If the Transformation is enabled.
- `fql_defined_properties` (Attributes List) Optional array for defining new properties in FQL. Limited to 1 property right now. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--transformation--fql_defined_properties))
- `id` (String) The id of the Transformation.
- `if` (String) If statement ([FQL](https://segment.com/docs/config-api/fql/)) to match events.

For standard event matchers, use the following:
  Track -\> "event='\<eventName\>'"
  Identify -\> "type='identify'"
  Group -\> "type='group'"
- `name` (String) The name of the Transformation.
- `new_event_name` (String) Optional new event name for renaming events. Works only for 'track' event type.
- `property_renames` (Attributes List) Optional array for renaming properties collected by your events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--transformation--property_renames))
- `property_value_transformations` (Attributes List) Optional array for transforming properties and values collected by your events. Limited to 10 properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--transformation--property_value_transformations))
- `source_id` (String) The Source associated with the Transformation.

<a id="nestedatt--data--transformation--fql_defined_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.transformation.fql_defined_properties`

Read-Only:

- `fql` (String) The FQL expression used to compute the property.
- `property_name` (String) The new property name.


<a id="nestedatt--data--transformation--property_renames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.transformation.property_renames`

Read-Only:

- `new_name` (String) The new name to rename the property.
- `old_name` (String) The old name of the property.


<a id="nestedatt--data--transformation--property_value_transformations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.transformation.property_value_transformations`

Read-Only:

- `property_paths` (List of String) The property paths. The maximum number of paths is 10.
- `property_value` (String) The new value of the property paths.


