---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_filter_for_destination_v1_input Resource - repo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateFilterForDestinationV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_filter_for_destination_v1_input (Resource)

CreateFilterForDestinationV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_filter_for_destination_v1_input" "my_createfilterfordestinationv1input" {
  actions = [
    {
      fields = {
        "alarm"      = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        "Incredible" = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
      }
      path    = "...my_path..."
      percent = 98.61
      type    = "ALLOW_PROPERTIES"
    },
  ]
  description    = "...my_description..."
  destination_id = "...my_destination_id..."
  enabled        = false
  if             = "...my_if..."
  source_id      = "...my_source_id..."
  title          = "Mrs."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions for the Destination filter. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `destination_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `enabled` (Boolean) When set to true, the Destination filter is active. Requires replacement if changed.
- `if` (String) The filter's condition. Requires replacement if changed.
- `source_id` (String) The id of the Source associated with this filter. Requires replacement if changed.
- `title` (String) The title of the filter. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the filter. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Output for CreateDestinationFiltersV1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Required:

- `type` (String) The kind of Transformation to apply to any matched properties. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["ALLOW_PROPERTIES", "DROP", "DROP_PROPERTIES", "SAMPLE"]

Optional:

- `fields` (Map of String) A dictionary of paths to object keys that this filter applies to.
  The literal string '' represents the top level of the object.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `path` (String) The JSON path to a property within a payload object from which Segment generates a deterministic
sampling rate.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `percent` (Number) A decimal between 0 and 1 used for 'sample' type events and
influences the likelihood of sampling to occur.
Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `filter` (Attributes) The newly created Destination filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--filter))

<a id="nestedatt--data--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.filter`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes List) A list of actions this filter performs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--filter--actions))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of this filter's creation.
- `description` (String) A description for this filter.
- `destination_id` (String) The id of the Destination associated with this filter.
- `enabled` (Boolean) When set to true, this filter is active.
- `id` (String) The unique id of this filter.
- `if` (String) A condition that defines whether to apply this filter to a payload.
- `source_id` (String) The id of the Source associated with this filter.
- `title` (String) A title for this filter.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of this filter's last change.

<a id="nestedatt--data--filter--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.filter.actions`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Map of String) A dictionary of paths to object keys that this filter applies to.
  The literal string '' represents the top level of the object.
- `path` (String) The JSON path to a property within a payload object from which Segment generates a deterministic
sampling rate.
- `percent` (Number) A decimal between 0 and 1 used for 'sample' type events and
influences the likelihood of sampling to occur.
- `type` (String) The kind of Transformation to apply to any matched properties. must be one of ["ALLOW_PROPERTIES", "DROP", "DROP_PROPERTIES", "SAMPLE"]


