---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "segment_create_warehouse_v1_input Resource - repo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CreateWarehouseV1Input Resource
---

# segment_create_warehouse_v1_input (Resource)

CreateWarehouseV1Input Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "segment_create_warehouse_v1_input" "my_createwarehousev1input" {
  enabled     = true
  metadata_id = "...my_metadata_id..."
  name        = "Margarita Hintz Sr."
  settings = {
    "sievert"     = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    "incremental" = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata_id` (String) The Warehouse metadata to use. Requires replacement if changed.
- `settings` (Map of String) A key-value object that contains instance-specific settings for a Warehouse.

Different kinds of Warehouses require different settings. The required and optional settings
for a Warehouse are described in the `options` object of the associated Warehouse metadata.

You can find the full list of Warehouse metadata and related settings information in the
`/catalog/warehouses` endpoint.
Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable to allow this Warehouse to receive data. Defaults to true. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) An optional human-readable name for this Warehouse. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Returns the newly created Warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `warehouse` (Attributes) The newly created Warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--warehouse))

<a id="nestedatt--data--warehouse"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.warehouse`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When set to true, this Warehouse receives data.
- `id` (String) The id of the Warehouse.
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the Warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata))
- `settings` (Map of String) The settings associated with this Warehouse.

Common settings are connection-related configuration used to connect to it, for example host, username, and port.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the Workspace that owns this Warehouse.

<a id="nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.warehouse.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description, in English, of this object.
- `id` (String) The id of this object.
- `logos` (Attributes) Logo information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata--logos))
- `name` (String) The name of this object.
- `options` (Attributes List) The Integration options for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata--options))
- `slug` (String) A human-readable, unique identifier for object.

<a id="nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata--logos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.warehouse.metadata.slug`

Read-Only:

- `alt` (String) The alternative text for this logo.
- `default` (String) The default URL for this logo.
- `mark` (String) The logo mark.


<a id="nestedatt--data--warehouse--metadata--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.warehouse.metadata.slug`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) An optional default value for the field. Parsed as JSON.
- `description` (String) An optional short text description of the field.
- `label` (String) An optional label for this field.
- `name` (String) The name identifying this option in the context of a Segment Integration.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this is a required option when setting up the Integration.
- `type` (String) Defines the type for this option in the schema. Types are most commonly strings, but may also represent other
primitive types, such as booleans, and numbers, as well as complex types, such as objects and arrays.


